Your Majesty, please rest assured
Fortunately, it was found sooner or later.
Just a little conditioning
The minister's method will definitely keep the empress safe
Where did this snack come from?
No loss to the emperor
This snack was sent by Empress Shu
Now ask Concubine Shu to come and see me
Unless you have something in mind
What's this delivery?
The emperor is a concubine
Pastry made by the chef who specially came from Jiangnan Tour
There are also tributes for the foreign gang to enter the palace
I know that Concubine Yuan's sister likes to eat
Specially sent
This is also the concubine's intention.
A piece of mind
What are you doing this for?
I see you are clearly jealous of Concubine Yuan
I know he's greedy
And let him eat like this, the delicious food is too big to give birth
How vicious you are
The emperor's concubines have already told the servants
These are all Ding Haoliang's.
Maybe it's because the servant sees that Concubine Yuan's sister likes to eat it
I gave some more.
The concubine doesn't know either?
The emperor's concubine is fine
Why don't you forget it this time?
You are soft-hearted
Suffering in the harem
Pass my will
Concubine Shu misbehaved
Go to the temple to repair Mei from now on
My will is not to return to the palace, it is the emperor